Update description for routes attribute (#227)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent-internal: docs/data-sources/confluent_transit_gateway_attachment.md

- `aws` - (Required Configuration Block) The AWS-specific Transit Gateway Attachment details. It supports the following:
  - `ram_resource_share_arn` - (Required String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Resource Access Manager (RAM) Resource Share of the transit gateway your Confluent Cloud network attaches to.
  - `transit_gateway_id` - (Required String) The ID of the AWS Transit Gateway that you want Confluent CLoud to be attached to. Must start with `tgw-`.

>   - `routes` - (Required List of String) List of destination routes for traffic from Confluent VPC to customer VPC via Transit Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `routes` - (Required List of String) List of destination routes for traffic from Confluent's VPC to your VPC via Transit Gateway.
```

Author: :salute:

yeah it might be good enough to merge it for now and then revisit all the networking docs whether we want to use Confluent VPC -> Confluent's VPC (there's the same thing in Peering docs) / same thing with user vs customer.
